[somber music]
♪ ♪
You'll be OK.
I got you now.
You know, sometimes,
you remind me of my son.
[screams]
I'm sorry. The nightmares.
I love him.
And I left him.
What if I was wrong?
What if he was
never really dead?
I'm going to meet him now.
He said to meet him
in the woods.
No, no, no, no, no,
this isn't Paul, Noah.
Someone is luring you.
♪ ♪
These crimes are motivated
by a pleasure in pain.
Sadism.
The offender is organized.
He's above average
intelligence.
But the eyes, they were made
to watch each other bleed out.
♪ ♪
Want to go over it again?
Anything new?
No, M.E. report came in.
Just confirmed everything
we already knew.
Ten victims,
time of death between
six months and a year ago.
No new leads in the report?
No, it's almost
as useless as ours.
- Something will come up.
- Hmm.
Man, he was smart.
Methodical.
Ahead.
You want to go
through it all again?
No. No.
Why are you still here?
Just finishing up
some paperwork.
Are you sure? I could stay.
We can go through it again.
No, you should go home.
Go home.
Hey, uh,
you all good?
I know I've been distracted.
Yeah.
Really?
You don't have
to worry about me.
I'm fine.
I'm figuring it out.
OK, good.
Hey.
Have a nice night.
You too.
♪ ♪
[alarm chimes]
[panting]
[watch chimes]
- 5021 Henry.
- Go, 5021 Henry.
Any further information
on that tender age
missing on Goethe?
- We have one unit on scene,
1822.
Possible abduction.
Victim is
a nine-month-old female.
Nothing further.
Squad, hold me down
as responding.
I'm in the area and on my way.
Copy, 5021.
[tires screech]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
I'm not gonna ask you again!
Tell me where she is
or I'll shoot.
[both grunting]
Tell me!
Drop the weapon!
Officer, Detective Upton.
I'm on your six.
What's going on here?
Tell me what's going on.
- He's the kid's father.
- OK.
- Tell me!
- I didn't take her!
I know you did.
OK, I got it.
Lower your weapon. It's OK.
Hey. So you're the father?
He took her.
He took my baby.
OK, listen, I understand.
He's not going anywhere.
You need to drop your weapon.
He took my kid!
I understand.
I'm here to help you.
You want to help, then get
him to tell me where she is.
Now, where's my girl?
- Stop it! Please stop!
- Don't lie to me!
- Hey, hey, hey, listen to me.
I can't help you
unless you lower your weapon.
Do you understand?
Hey, look at me!
Look at me.
What's your daughter's name?
♪ ♪
It's OK.
Grace. Her name's Grace.
If this man does have Grace,
this is not gonna
get her back any faster.
Do you understand me?
You're wasting time!
You need to lower
your weapon right now.
♪ ♪
OK, that's great.
That's it.
That's right.
[both grunting]
Cuff him.
Stop fighting!
- He took her!
- Stop fighting.
Get the gun!
- I didn't do it.
- Shut up!
- Where is she?
- Hey, stop!
Stop fighting me.
Every second counts, OK?
For Grace, you need
to calm down, all right?
Tell me you understand!
Yes.
I'm going to let you go, OK?
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
She's gone.
When we woke up,
Grace was gone from her crib.
- What time was that?
- I don't--6:30?
That's when you called
the police?
Yes.
- Trent, where were you?
- I was downstairs.
I went down.
I saw the window
on our door broken.
The alarm was off.
Who else has
the code to the alarm?
Just us, the nanny,
and Trent's parents.
It's got to be him.
I've called the cops on him
twice for being in our alley.
We're looking into him.
Mr. and Mrs. Howell?
I'm Sergeant Voight
with Intelligence.
We're gonna walk through
your house with you now.
I want you to point out
everything you notice,
but you can't touch anything.
That make sense?
Can you do that?
- Yeah.
- All right, let's go.
No one else has been inside?
No, just patrol
who caught the case.
Let's start with every
point of entry in the house.
Thanks.
Can you show us the garage?
Sarge.
Oh, my God, no.
Is that Grace's?
No, no, no, no,
you can't touch it.
Don't touch it.
It could be the offender's.
Look, this is good.
We can use it.
- OK.
- OK?
This is the alarm?
1:16 AM, either of you
hear the alarm going off?
No, no,
it should have at least
chimed when the door was open,
but we didn't wake up.
OK, let's go up
to Grace's room now.
Remember, hands off
the railing, please.
Was anything stolen?
No, I don't think so.
Can you think of anyone
who'd want to hurt Grace
to get to you, any enemies?
Enemies?
Just questions
we have to ask.
No, no enemies.
All right, Grace's room?
Here?
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
Is this where
you normally keep the diapers?
Yeah. Where are they?
They should be right there.
No, no, no.
No, I know
Sofia restocked that.
- Sofia?
- That's our nanny.
She's off for the week
visiting family in Miami.
I wanted to get a temp
in the meantime,
but Kate didn't--
I didn't want to invite
a stranger into our house,
someone we didn't know,
someone
we barely even interviewed.
It's not paranoid, is it?
OK, anything else missing?
Um, her diaper bag's gone,
and her stuffed elephant.
Grace can't sleep without it.
That's a good thing.
It means whoever took her
is also taking
the things she loves.
They're trying not to hurt her.
- [sobs]
We're gonna go
back outside now.
You both did great.
Come on.
The abductor knew the code,
knew the layout.
You ran the parents?
No priors, but both are
worth over $20 million.
All right,
get a trap and trace
on their phones, emails,
anywhere a ransom note
could be sent.
Gotta run old friends, family,
any workers coming in and out
of this place, that nanny.
And the man Trent accused.
I interviewed him.
He's unhoused.
He's got no cuts or scrapes.
Doesn't feel right, but--
Yeah, you never know.
Run him hard.
I'll stay with the parents.
Sarge, tender age kidnapping.
We could loop in SVU,
Petrovic.
Yeah, get her up to speed.
Good idea.
Cleared the nanny
as best we could.
She's in Miami, no priors.
Maybe it's one
of her connects?
Yeah,
we're running them all now.
We've also got
a list of contractors,
workers, anyone
who's ever stepped foot
in the Howells' house.
George Cook, the man
from the scene, he's clear.
He's unhoused.
He likes to sleep
near a grate
outside the Howells'.
And we pressed him pretty hard.
Doesn't look good for it,
not to mention
we got him on a 7-Eleven
security cam a mile away,
same time of the abduction.
- Knock and talk?
- Nothing good yet.
We're about halfway through
the sex offenders list
in the area.
You should delegate that
to patrol.
Chances are, it's not sexual.
- The diaper bag?
- Yes.
Most men
with that particular appetite
know the baby won't survive.
Plus it's exceedingly rare.
Plus the offender knew
the house and the code?
It's more likely
the crime's about the parents,
not the baby.
All right,
that was the crime lab.
We got a positive on the blood
that was recovered
from the scene.
The blood belonged
to Anthony Baker.
Got a decent sheet.
Two aggravated assaults
and three burglaries.
- Techs are 100?
- Yes, ma'am.
That was his blood
on the shattered window
and by the crib.
OK, I got one car
registered to his name.
- I'm on it.
- All right.
His last known is
a two-flat in Garfield Park.
He moved out two months ago.
All right,
Petrovic and I can take it.
Oh, I usually ride desk.
- Oh, really?
- Mm-hmm.
Well, they've got it
covered here.
Voight's with the parents.
It's just you and me.
Is that all right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Sure. Yeah, yeah.
It's all right.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
Why do you usually
ride the desk?
I just prefer it.
I can't think the same
in the field.
My brain's just more useful
behind the desk.
- Bosses don't mind?
- No.
Most detectives cycle out
of SVU in two years.
I've been there ten.
I guess it's a perk?
[chuckles]
Huh.
Oh, divorced.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your hand. Sorry.
I used to do that.
I felt naked without my ring.
Don't worry.
After the third divorce,
you don't even feel it.
First one brings up
every bit of hell
you've ever lived through.
By the third,
it's like changing your pants.
Yo, Hail, you there?
Yeah, Ruz, go.
All right, I got a clock
on Baker's car.
Plate reader just flagged it
heading westbound
on Kostner and Huron
two minutes ago.
It's a 2007 Toyota Camry,
green in color.
All right, we're on our way.
Clear.
- Clear.
Wait, right there.
Green Toyota.
Is that it?
[tense music]
Yeah, they're Baker's plates.
5021 Henry.
We're at Kostner and Huron.
We've located
our wanted vehicle.
It's parked at the Pete's lot.
We're approaching now.
Copy, 5021 Henry.
Pete's parking lot.
Send all available
covert units to our location
to secure the front door.
Copy, 5021 Henry.
Will notify.
♪ ♪
- Can you see inside?
- Mm-mm, nope.
All right,
I'm gonna go on foot.
- I'll watch the door.
- OK.
♪ ♪
Unoccupied?
Yeah, but he does have
a car seat in there.
Hey, Voight,
you got your ears in?
Go with your traffic.
All right, we got an anchor
on Baker's car.
But there's no Baker
or Grace inside.
Upton?
Where's the baby?
Hailey?
Yeah, we've got eyes
on Baker.
But he doesn't have Grace
with him.
Must have an accomplice.
[tires squeal]
- No, no, no, no, no.
5021 Henry, we've got a squad
pulling into our lot.
You need to pull him out
right now.
We've got eyes on our offender.
We don't want to spook him.
- Copy.
He's running.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
5021 Henry,
we're in foot pursuit.
Offender fleeing westbound
down Huron.
1223, check the store
for the baby.
Get down!
Get out of the way!
[gunshots]
[woman yells]
I got her.
Go, go, go!
10-1, 10-1,
shots fired at the police.
I got a citizen down.
GSW to the abdomen.
Roll an ambo.
I got you, I got you.
CPD, stop!
Drop your weapon.
Stop!
♪ ♪
[siren wails]
Squad 1223 was closest
but never actually caught eyes.
Baker is gone.
- You OK?
- Yeah, yeah.
What happened?
- What do you mean?
- Why didn't you shoot?
You could have gone nonlethal.
I saw.
What, at the gate?
No, it wasn't a clean shot.
There was a pedestrian
in my line of fire.
I couldn't risk it.
Patrol is setting up
a four-block perimeter.
The place is shut down.
- Hailey.
What have we got?
Baker's in the wind.
He was exiting the store,
caught sight of a squad
moving on our BOLO.
It was a mess.
Baby Grace wasn't with him.
OK, so that's his car.
Yeah, hopefully
we get lucky with GPS.
All right.
Come with me. Let's run it.
All right, well, this lot
is cheap with cameras.
One of them must have
clocked Baker.
See if he boosted a car.
No ransom calls yet?
No one's reached out.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Where's the pedestrian?
Hey, you got anything?
No, Baker fled north,
out of frame.
Huh.
None of the employees
saw Baker with a baby,
but he did buy pacifiers
and two cans of formula.
- That means she's alive.
- Yup.
Sarge, what do you know
about Petrovic?
Got a good reputation.
I mean, she'd have the highest
clearance rate in any unit.
But she doesn't put
her name on cases.
What? Why not?
Guess it's so
she can work more of 'em,
not have to go to court.
She's known for being
very good at reading people.
The brass pretty much
lets her be.
Boss, we got
something good out here.
Be right there, Adam.
Found it
in the glove compartment.
It's got the Howells'
security code,
their work schedules,
and if you flip it over...
- This the Howells' house?
- It sure looks like it.
And we have no evidence
he was ever in that house
prior to the kidnapping?
- No, sir.
We can't make
that connection yet.
The Howells didn't even
recognize him.
Maybe they knew
whoever he was working with.
All right, tow the car in.
Hailey, you and Jo
re-interview the Howells.
See if you can shake
something new loose.
OK.
He had the map of our house?
You could find that
online, right?
Trent, he had the alarm code.
OK, how the hell
did he get our code?
That's what we're hoping
you could help us with.
Look, we already told you.
We don't know any of these men.
The other cops
already asked us all this.
We don't know them!
I understand
this is frustrating.
But if you could look again,
it could be
someone's husband,
a friend of a friend--
No, I don't need
to look again.
You're wasting your time
asking us questions.
We don't know anything.
- Trent, calm down.
- We can't help you!
- Trent, stop.
Just one more thing.
I'm gonna need handwriting
samples from both of you.
What?
[tense music]
Why would you need that?
Do you think
we wrote the map?
Are you kidding me?
No, I'm not.
In cases like this,
we look into the parents.
I've seen a father
throw an infant
into a wall like a football
because the child was crying
and a mother who gave birth
and then choked the baby
with the umbilical cord.
My main concern is Grace's
safety, not your feelings.
So yes, you will be providing
us with handwriting samples.
If you prefer, you can
come down to the district
and provide them there.
♪ ♪
Yes, their emotions
should be at a ten.
Their child is missing.
And every innocent parent
I've seen in this situation
answers every question
the police have,
even the trivial.
But Trent--
- He wanted us gone.
Yes.
Thank you for backing me.
Not everyone would,
especially not with
how influential
the Howells are.
It was a good move.
Hey, my head's killing me.
I'm gonna get an aspirin
from my car.
I'll meet you upstairs?
- Yeah, all right.
♪ ♪
[door slams]
Hey.
I thought you went upstairs.
All good?
All good.
[door clicks]
We have nothing?
Not a single lead on Baker?
He's keeping low
and keeping smart.
His cell phone's off.
And he hasn't used
his credit card.
If he boosted a car,
we don't have it, Sarge.
We've run this man
top to bottom.
He doesn't have
a single connect
with the Howells
that we can find.
He never did
contract work there,
never seems to have
crossed paths with them.
All right,
what about digitally?
There's no digital footprint
to speak of.
I mean,
they didn't know each other.
We're still looking
into his contacts,
hoping to find some sort
of nexus between them.
OK, thanks.
Handwriting doesn't match.
Techs cleared Trent and Kate.
OK, so widen the net.
Someone was watching Grace
while Baker was in that store.
Just work it backwards
from there.
I'm gonna 10-100.
[phone ringing]
Intelligence.
This is Ruzek.
Yeah, that's right.
[sniffs]
Go ahead.
All right, we got him.
CPIC found Baker on a CTA cam,
3:22 PM, Ashland Orange line.
3:22 fits with our timeline.
It's 15 minutes after
the grocery store shootout.
Must've jumped the turnstile.
Yo, Sarge, we got something.
All right, talk to me.
That's him, Ashland stop.
OK, you and Kev stay on PODs,
track him from here.
Rest of us will get
boots on the ground.
Be ready to move.
Yes, sir.
What'd I miss? We got him?
We're close. We gotta go.
All right, man.
You should have it.
OK.
You been feeling OK?
Hm?
- The cough drops.
- Oh.
I noticed I've been
smelling them all day.
Yeah, just fighting a cold.
You know, my dad used
to do that, cough drops.
He thought it hid the smell.
[soft dramatic music]
It didn't.
You could still tell.
Is there anything
you want to tell me?
No.
Because if there was,
it would explain
why you don't go in the field,
why you don't put your name
on paper,
why you didn't take the shot
with Baker,
because you didn't want IRT
to breathalyze you.
There was a civilian
in my line.
No, there wasn't.
I watched the video.
You're gonna have
to say it, Hailey.
If you want to accuse me
of something, accuse me.
Right now,
would you blow hot?
I spent 18 years of my life
living with an alcoholic.
I don't care if you're mad.
I'm not an alcoholic.
I appreciate you profiling me.
Don't think
I haven't profiled you, but...
if you're thinking
of reporting me,
my name is on this case
because your team put it there.
Hey, y'all, we got a hit.
POD cam caught Baker on foot
walking into a three-flat
two hours ago, 810 37th Place.
That's five blocks
from the Orange line.
Copy you.
We're headed that way.
♪ ♪
Witness saw a man
matching Baker's description
entering
the first floor apartment.
And who rents it?
Lease is owned by a woman
named Tammy Reed.
Single. Lives alone.
Couple of DUIs.
Landlord ID'd Baker
as the boyfriend
and gave me the master key.
OK, let's hit the back.
Hailey--
Baker might recognize us.
We could take the front.
OK, Kim, you and me.
But we move light.
Grace might be inside.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Hey, Tammy?
It's Kayla from upstairs.
Can you swap your laundry
out of the machine?
[knocks]
Hey, Tammy. You home?
- We're going in.
- Copy.
Blood.
♪ ♪
Body.
I got Baker, DOA.
Grace isn't here.
Copy. We'll call it in.
What do we know
about the leaseholder?
Tammy Reed, 33,
lived here two years,
worked as a temp at a law firm
until about a year ago.
That's when she got popped
for the two DUIs.
Hey, Grace was here.
Neighbor just confirmed
they saw Tammy
with a baby this morning.
Tammy said
it was her sister's kid,
but it was definitely Grace.
So Tammy and her boyfriend
kidnapped Grace.
But why? What's their connect
to the Howells?
I don't know yet.
Neighbor said they didn't
recognize Trent or Kate.
Guys, I have Baker's burner.
It's unlocked.
Tammy texted him.
"If the police are on you,
it's not safe.
Do not come."
Man didn't listen.
All right,
keep searching the place.
We got Tammy's phone number.
Get an emergency ping.
Let's find this woman.
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
She wanted this baby.
Must have planned it
for months.
Built this room with love.
She loved Grace.
She wanted to keep her.
This was never about ransom.
Nope. No.
It was about something else.
What's that?
Something was hung there.
Something for Grace to see.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
She--
She's involved?
Who is she to you?
I--I don't understand.
Who is she?
I dated her.
[sighs]
I had an affair with her.
It was so long ago.
It can't have anything
to do with this.
It does.
Tammy Reed
and her boyfriend abducted
your daughter from your home.
Does your wife know
about the affair?
Yes.
Yes, I knew.
That wasn't the first affair.
It's been an issue.
Continues to be?
I don't know why
this is important.
Please answer the question.
Yes,
he's still having affairs.
That's why we weren't--
Why you weren't what?
[tense music]
Ma'am, your child is in danger.
So whoever it is that you think
you're protecting by lying,
it's not Grace.
Tell me.
We weren't home
when Grace was taken.
Trent was out meeting a woman.
I was
at the Ambassador Hotel.
We were just having a drink.
I swear.
What happened?
Kate found out.
It was after midnight.
She came to confront me.
And she left Grace
at home alone.
And you weren't home
because you followed him?
Trent tried to talk me down.
But I was so mad.
I don't know
how long we were there.
Maybe an hour.
And then?
We walked home.
And did you check on Grace
when you got home?
♪ ♪
[cries]
No.
No, we went to bed.
We didn't check on her.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
When was the last time
you talked to Tammy?
Years ago.
That was years ago.
Has she been to your house?
Does she have access
to your security code?
Yes.
Did she try
and stay in touch with you?
- She knew I was married.
- That's not my question.
Yes, she didn't like
the way it ended.
She'd gotten pregnant.
She'd gotten an abortion.
No.
No, it can't be
because of that--
Where would she go?
Did she ever mention a place
she wanted to escape to?
Did you guys ever
take a trip together?
Where would she go, Trent?
She has family in Mexico.
She always wanted to take Trent
on a trip there,
said it was a great place
to escape to raise a family.
OK, are we up?
All necessary agencies
are looped in.
We've got a travel alert out
in case she heads that way.
We got no pops on any tolls,
PODs, or cams.
Tammy doesn't have
a car registered to her.
She's gonna have
to take transport.
OK, let's split.
Trains, airports, buses.
Let's update that BOLO,
now looking for a female
with a nine-month-old.
Let's go.
5021,
we have a possible sighting
at the West Adams
train station.
Female, white, 30s,
accompanying an infant.
Ticket agent
who called it in said
the woman bought a ticket
for Laredo, Texas,
five minutes ago,
main concourse.
5021 Henry, we're en route.
When was the last time
you had a drink?
- I'm good.
- No, just tell me.
All right,
I'll wait for backup.
No, don't wait for backup.
It was two hours ago.
A child is missing.
I wouldn't tell you
I was good if I wasn't.
Two hours ago means I'm good.
If I lose my job,
I lose my job.
But we're finding Grace.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
I'll take downstairs.
You take upstairs?
Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
Petrovic, nothing down here.
I'm heading upstairs.
Just spotted something.
Walking in that direction
to get more info.
Got eyes on you and them.
Petrovic?
Negative. It's not Tammy.
♪ ♪
Got a possible sighting,
west side.
Copy.
♪ ♪
[baby coos]
[indistinct PA announcement]
She's beautiful.
Thank you.
Tammy, don't get up.
Sit down.
Let me see your hands.
Tammy, I need to see
your hands right now.
Who are you?
I'm police.
♪ ♪
Let me see your hands, Tammy.
Tammy.
That's good.
So me and you,
we're gonna go right over here
and we're going to talk.
Grace is gonna stay
right here--
- You can't take her.
- I'm not going to.
She's gonna stay right here.
Just you and me.
She doesn't belong
with that woman.
She belongs with me.
- OK.
She's happy with me.
She looks very happy
right now, OK?
We're just gonna talk.
It's OK.
Are there other people here?
We're fine. OK?
She's mine.
He made me get rid of my baby.
You understand?
- I understand.
The doctor said
I can't ever have another one.
He wasn't who he said he was.
He wasn't--
Hey, Tammy, no.
Tammy.
Let's see your hands.
You don't want to do that.
You gotta stay calm
with me, OK?
Grace needs you to stay calm.
She needs me.
She needs you to be calm.
Grace needs me.
OK, then prove it.
I'm not gonna let you
take her from me.
- Tammy. OK.
- I can't.
Tammy, you need
to drop your--
I won't!
[gunshot]
♪ ♪
You OK?
Baby OK?
5021 Henry,
shots fired by the police.
Offender down.
We're at the west entrance.
We've recovered the baby.
She looks unharmed,
but roll an ambo.
Copy, 5021 Henry.
Ambo en route.
♪ ♪
[whispering]
Yeah, it's OK. It's OK.
Tammy was killed instantly.
Huh.
Where is Petrovic?
She sustained an injury
rushing to my aid.
She tripped, fell,
busted her ankle up pretty bad.
I sent her to the hospital.
And the white shirts
know all this?
I briefed them.
The hospital
gave her painkillers,
so the IRT interview
and urine drip
will have to wait until later.
I see.
You want me to ask you
what's going on?
No, not now.
Oh, baby!
Ah, the happy family.
I spoke with DCFS.
They're gonna do check-ins.
[laughs]
Hi.
[car door slams]
Keeping up the running.
New watch, new shoes.
And your desk sergeant told me
that you've been coming here
nonstop.
[chuckles]
After my first divorce,
I took up spelunking.
You know what that is?
Running's better.
I just wanted to thank you
for helping me cover.
IRT cleared me this morning.
I'm back behind my desk.
I won't be leaving it.
That's not a solution.
I'm OK.
Look, I don't know you.
I don't know your life.
No.
But from what I've seen,
this doesn't end well,
for you or for the other people
in your life.
[soft music]
Couple of drinks
to take the edge off.
Punishing runs to trick
your body into resting.
It's all the same.
♪ ♪
Enjoy your run.
[engine starts]
♪ ♪
[breathing heavily]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[wolf howls]